Change log for 3.37.0 and 3.37.1 (#521)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/community/changelog/app-frontend/v3/whats-new/_index.en.md

toc: true
---

## 3.37.1 (2022-05-15) - Fix for prefills when using preselectedOptionIndex
When using `preselectedOptionIndex` on a field which is used to determine later dynamic
prefills (or when clicking really fast), the wrong prefills could end up being used.
Issue [#8255](https://github.com/Altinn/altinn-studio/issues/8255).

## 3.37.0 (2022-05-15) - Support for tracks in stateless apps

> Stateless apps can now utilize tracks. Requires latest updates to nuget packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stateless apps can now utilize tracks. Requires version 5.1.0 or later of nuget packages.
```
